Infer output:package from output:file (#181)
jmattheis/goverter: docs/reference/output.md

> `output:package [PACKAGE][:NAME]` can be defined as

Reviewer: Can you adjust docs/guide/output-same-package.md, the is written that the full package path has to be defined, this isn't required anymore.

[CLI argument](./define-settings.md#cli) or [conversion comment](./define-settings.md#conversion).

> Default is to reuse the same package name from the directory of the file
> specified with `output:file`. However if that lookup fails, the fallback
> is `:generated`.

Reviewer: Can we make this more specific, that it only works if the output:file is in the same package as the conversion definition?
```suggestion
If `output:file` is in the same directory as the conversion definition,
`output:package` is automatically set. If not, then the default is
`:generated`.
```

Author: This assumes it only works when the output is in the same package. I don't think this feature should be limited in that way.
